# proposal-j2ve
The goal we are trying to accomplish is password management and maintenance through the use of non-generic passwords (i.e. different passwords for different websites), and easy access for the user (less memorization needed). By creating a password manager, we hope to change user perspectives so they may understand the importance of unique complex passwords and be more comfortable with creating and using them.

We are planning to build an iOS mobile application. Upon opening the password manager, the application will require users to log-in their “master” password which they set when signing up. This is the only password that users need to remember. If our application detects suspicious activity based on location or device type, it will prompt one of the following security measures: three security questions, Face ID, or 2-factor authentication. After successfully logging in, there will be a list of accounts along with the associated credentials. Users can then either click on an account to automatically log-in, or they can also add new accounts to the list. If they click an account, the password manager will either redirect the users to the application associated with that account or prompt the browser if the application is not installed.

In the end, we want to change users' perspectives on the importance of unique and complex passwords which allow their accounts to be more secure. Our application will also help with reducing the worry or need to memorize many passwords as users only need to memorize a “master” one. In addition, from this data, we will discover how many layers of security users are willing to go through before being allowed into an account, and further refine our design.
